How many hours a week did I work? Um, there's a difference, of course,
Between working at sea on ah, see tour and working ashore on a short
for, um at sea. You're basically working 24 7365 You're working every
day. How many day? How many hours a day are up and doing your job.
Rebel Lee is at, uh 0 600 and taps in the evening is a 22 100. And
in between 06 and 22 you run around a lot doing your child job nation,
and it's very satisfying doing at Show on Shorty a little bit.
Not as rigorous, not as long on our it can be depending upon what the
nation is doing at the time and what your job is. Shorter's, um readily
stills. 0 600 And every day at 0 800 is colors. So from 08 to
1700 5 p.m. In the afternoon on shore duty, I was usually knock off
for short. That was that was good to go. Go home and start over again.